# CS-340
Software Test, Automation


Maintainability, readability, and adaptability are key aspects of a program. When we consider the CRUD module for this project, it is designed in such a way that any query we might need to create on the front end of the project required no change to the CRUD module. This is owed to the fact that the crud module allows for a variety of search criteria in just the getAnimal function. The CRUD module could also easily be applied to similar applications and databases with little change. Alongside this, clear and concise descriptions of the code allow for it to be easily interpreted and used by other developers.  

To approach the problem of create an accessible dashboard, it is important to consider the needs of the client. There were a number of possible ways to implement the client's requirements and I chose to continue with the query method I developed in a previous assignment to query cats and dogs. There are numerous ways to implement requirements and it is often a stylistic decision. This project, while similar to the last milestone, differed greatly from previous assignments. Many of the assignment familiarized us with the mongo database back-end and adapting it into a crud module. These last two projects focused on front end development and were unlike any project I have completed. Much of the front-end code used for this project was unfamiliar to me. The module resources were quite helpful for this project as much of the code was somewhat unintuitive to me.  

The main goal of computer scientist is to streamline various processes through programming. Everything in this project could be done through the terminal directly using the mongo database, however, that is a very unintuitive way for unfamiliar people to access the information. By having someone who understands the database streamline the process, we can take something unintuitive and make it easily accessible. Through the implementation of this project, we have taken a database that could take hours for someone to figure out how to use and made it accessible in seconds without the need for any expertise. The purpose of computer scientists is essentially to take complex problems and make them accessible to the average person. This is useful to any and every company and massively reduces the time needed to complete various tasks.  
